Question #34

A company uses identity federation to authenticate users into an identity account (987654321987) where the users assume an IAM role named
IdentityRole. The users then assume an IAM role named JobFunctionRole in the target AWS account (123456789123) to perform their job
functions.
A user is unable to assume the IAM role in the target account. The policy attached to the role in the identity account is:

What should be done to enable the user to assume the appropriate role in the target account?

A. Update the IAM policy attached to the role in the identity account to be:

B. Update the trust policy on the role in the target account to be:

C. Update the trust policy on the role in the identity account to be:

D. Update the IAM policy attached to the role in the target account to be:

Correct Answer: B 



Question #35

A company is using AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts for its human resources, finance, software development, and
production departments. All the company's developers are part of the software development AWS account.
The company discovers that developers have launched Amazon EC2 instances that were preconfigured with software that the company has not
approved for use. The company wants to implement a solution to ensure that developers can launch EC2 instances with only approved software
applications and only in the software development AWS account.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. In the software development account, create AMIs of preconfigured instances that include only approved software. Include the AMI IDs in
the condition section of an AWS CloudFormation template to launch the appropriate AMI based on the AWS Region. Provide the developers
with the CloudFormation template to launch EC2 instances in the software development account.
B. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that runs when any EC2 RunInstances API event occurs in the software development account. Specify
AWS Systems Manager Run Command as a target of the rule. Configure Run Command to run a script that will install all approved software
onto the instances that the developers launch.
C. Use an AWS Service Catalog portfolio that contains EC2 products with appropriate AMIs that include only approved software. Grant the
developers permission to access only the Service Catalog portfolio to launch a product in the software development account.
D. In the management account, create AMIs of preconfigured instances that include only approved software. Use AWS CloudFormation
StackSets to launch the AMIs across any AWS account in the organization. Grant the developers permission to launch the stack sets within
the management account.

Correct Answer: C



Question #36

A company has enabled Amazon GuardDuty in all AWS Regions as part of its security monitoring strategy. In one of its VPCs, the company hosts
an Amazon EC2 instance that works as an FTP server. A high number of clients from multiple locations contact the FTP server. GuardDuty
identifies this activity as a brute force attack because of the high number of connections that happen every hour.
The company has flagged the finding as a false positive, but GuardDuty continues to raise the issue. A security engineer must improve the signalto-noise ratio without compromising the company's visibility of potential anomalous behavior.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Disable the FTP rule in GuardDuty in the Region where the FTP server is deployed.
B. Add the FTP server to a trusted IP list. Deploy the list to GuardDuty to stop receiving the notifications.
C. Create a suppression rule in GuardDuty to filter findings by automatically archiving new findings that match the specified criteria.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that has the appropriate permissions to delete the finding whenever a new occurrence is reported.

Correct Answer: C



Question #37

A company is running internal microservices on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with the Amazon EC2 launch type. The company
is using Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) private repositories.
A security engineer needs to encrypt the private repositories by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). The security engineer also
needs to analyze the container images for any common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVEs).
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Enable KMS encryption on the existing ECR repositories. Install Amazon Inspector Agent from the ECS container instances’ user data. Run
an assessment with the CVE rules.
B. Recreate the ECR repositories with KMS encryption and ECR scanning enabled. Analyze the scan report after the next push of images.
C. Recreate the ECR repositories with KMS encryption and ECR scanning enabled. Install AWS Systems Manager Agent on the ECS container
instances. Run an inventory report.
D. Enable KMS encryption on the existing ECR repositories. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to check the ECS container instances and to verify the
findings against a list of current CVEs.

Correct Answer: B



Question #38

A company's security engineer has been tasked with restricting a contractor's IAM account access to the company’s Amazon EC2 console without
providing access to any other AWS services. The contractor's IAM account must not be able to gain access to any other AWS service, even if the
IAM account is assigned additional permissions based on IAM group membership.
What should the security engineer do to meet these requirements?

A. Create an inline IAM user policy that allows for Amazon EC2 access for the contractor's IAM user.
B. Create an IAM permissions boundary policy that allows Amazon EC2 access. Associate the contractor's IAM account with the IAM
permissions boundary policy.
C. Create an IAM group with an attached policy that allows for Amazon EC2 access. Associate the contractor's IAM account with the IAM
group.
D. Create a IAM role that allows for EC2 and explicitly denies all other services. Instruct the contractor to always assume this role.

Correct Answer: B


Question #39

A company manages multiple AWS accounts using AWS Organizations. The company’s security team notices that some member accounts are not
sending AWS CloudTrail logs to a centralized Amazon S3 logging bucket. The security team wants to ensure there is at least one trail configured
for all existing accounts and for any account that is created in the future.
Which set of actions should the security team implement to accomplish this?

A. Create a new trail and configure it to send CloudTrail logs to Amazon S3. Use Amazon EventBridge to send notification if a trail is deleted or
stopped.
B. Deploy an AWS Lambda function in every account to check if there is an existing trail and create a new trail, if needed.
C. Edit the existing trail in the Organizations management account and apply it to the organization.
D. Create an SCP to deny the cloudtrail:Delete* and cloudtrail:Stop* actions. Apply the SCP to all accounts.

Correct Answer: C



Question #40

A company recently had a security audit in which the auditors identified multiple potential threats. These potential threats can cause usage
pattern changes such as DNS access peak, abnormal instance traffic, abnormal network interface traffic, and unusual Amazon S3 API calls. The
threats can come from different sources and can occur at any time. The company needs to implement a solution to continuously monitor its
system and identify all these incoming threats in near-real time.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Enable AWS CloudTrail logs, VPC flow logs, and DNS logs. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to manage these logs from a centralized account.
B. Enable AWS CloudTrail logs, VPC flow logs, and DNS logs. Use Amazon Macie to monitor these logs from a centralized account.
C. Enable Amazon GuardDuty from a centralized account. Use GuardDuty to manage AWS CloudTrail logs, VPC flow logs, and DNS logs.
D. Enable Amazon Inspector from a centralized account. Use Amazon Inspector to manage AWS CloudTrail logs, VPC flow logs, and DNS logs.

Correct Answer: C



Question #41

A company that uses AWS Organizations is using AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) to administer access to AWS accounts. A
security engineer is creating a custom permission set in IAM Identity Center. The company will use the permission set across multiple accounts.
An AWS managed policy and a customer managed policy are attached to the permission set. The security engineer has full administrative
permissions and is operating in the management account.
When the security engineer attempts to assign the permission set to an IAM Identity Center user who has access to multiple accounts, the
assignment fails.
What should the security engineer do to resolve this failure?

A. Create the customer managed policy in every account where the permission set is assigned. Give the customer managed policy the same
name and same permissions in each account.
B. Remove either the AWS managed policy or the customer managed policy from the permission set. Create a second permission set that
includes the removed policy. Apply the permission sets separately to the user.
C. Evaluate the logic of the AWS managed policy and the customer managed policy. Resolve any policy conflicts in the permission set before
deployment.
D. Do not add the new permission set to the user. Instead, edit the user's existing permission set to include the AWS managed policy and the
customer managed policy.

Correct Answer: A



Question #42

A company has thousands of AWS Lambda functions. While reviewing the Lambda functions, a security engineer discovers that sensitive
information is being stored in environment variables and is viewable as plaintext in the Lambda console. The values of the sensitive information
are only a few characters long.
What is the MOST cost-effective way to address this security issue?

A. Set up IAM policies from the Lambda console to hide access to the environment variables.
B. Use AWS Step Functions to store the environment variables. Access the environment variables at runtime. Use IAM permissions to restrict
access to the environment variables to only the Lambda functions that require access.
C. Store the environment variables in AWS Secrets Manager, and access them at runtime. Use IAM permissions to restrict access to the
secrets to only the Lambda functions that require access.
D. Store the environment variables in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store as secure string parameters, and access them at runtime. Use
IAM permissions to restrict access to the parameters to only the Lambda functions that require access.

Correct Answer: D




Question #43

A security engineer is using AWS Organizations and wants to optimize SCPs. The security engineer needs to ensure that the SCPs conform to best
practices.
Which approach should the security engineer take to meet this requirement?

A. Use AWS IAM Access Analyzer to analyze the polices. View the findings from policy validation checks.
B. Review AWS Trusted Advisor checks for all accounts in the organization.
C. Set up AWS Audit Manager. Run an assessment for all AWS Regions for all accounts.
D. Ensure that Amazon Inspector agents are installed on all Amazon EC2 instances in all accounts.

Correct Answer: A


Question #44

A company uses Amazon RDS for MySQL as a database engine for its applications. A recent security audit revealed an RDS instance that is not
compliant with company policy for encrypting data at rest. A security engineer at the company needs to ensure that all existing RDS databases are
encrypted using server-side encryption and that any future deviations from the policy are detected.
Which combination of steps should the security engineer take to accomplish this? (Choose two.)

A. Create an AWS Config rule to detect the creation of unencrypted RDS databases. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to trigger on the AWS
Config rules compliance state change and use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to notify the security operations team.
B. Use AWS System Manager State Manager to detect RDS database encryption configuration drift. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to
track state changes and use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to notify the security operations team.
C. Create a read replica for the existing unencrypted RDS database and enable replica encryption in the process. Once the replica becomes
active, promote it into a standalone database instance and terminate the unencrypted database instance.
D. Take a snapshot of the unencrypted RDS database. Copy the snapshot and enable snapshot encryption in the process. Restore the
database instance from the newly created encrypted snapshot. Terminate the unencrypted database instance.
E. Enable encryption for the identified unencrypted RDS instance by changing the configurations of the existing database.

Correct Answer: AD



Question #45

A company has recently recovered from a security incident that required the restoration of Amazon EC2 instances from snapshots. The company
uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt all Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots.
The company performs a gap analysis of its disaster recovery procedures and backup strategies. A security engineer needs to implement a
solution so that the company can recover the EC2 instances if the AWS account is compromised and the EBS snapshots are deleted.
Which solution will meet this requirement?

A. Create a new Amazon S3 bucket. Use EBS lifecycle policies to move EBS snapshots to the new S3 bucket. Use lifecycle policies to move
snapshots to the S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval storage class. Use S3 Object Lock to prevent deletion of the snapshots.
B. Use AWS Systems Manager to distribute a configuration that backs up all attached disks to Amazon S3.
C. Create a new AWS account that has limited privileges. Allow the new account to access the KMS key that encrypts the EBS snapshots.
Copy the encrypted snapshots to the new account on a recurring basis.
D. Use AWS Backup to copy EBS snapshots to Amazon S3. Use S3 Object Lock to prevent deletion of the snapshots.

Correct Answer: C



Question #46

A company's security engineer is designing an isolation procedure for Amazon EC2 instances as part of an incident response plan. The security
engineer needs to isolate a target instance to block any traffic to and from the target instance, except for traffic from the company's forensics
team. Each of the company's EC2 instances has its own dedicated security group. The EC2 instances are deployed in subnets of a VPC. A subnet
can contain multiple instances.
The security engineer is testing the procedure for EC2 isolation and opens an SSH session to the target instance. The procedure starts to simulate
access to the target instance by an attacker. The security engineer removes the existing security group rules and adds security group rules to give
the forensics team access to the target instance on port 22.
After these changes, the security engineer notices that the SSH connection is still active and usable. When the security engineer runs a ping
command to the public IP address of the target instance, the ping command is blocked.
What should the security engineer do to isolate the target instance?

A. Add an inbound rule to the security group to allow traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 for all ports. Add an outbound rule to the security group to allow
traffic to 0.0.0.0/0 for all ports. Then immediately delete these rules.
B. Remove the port 22 security group rule. Attach an instance role policy that allows AWS Systems Manager Session Manager connections so
that the forensics team can access the target instance.
C. Create a network ACL that is associated with the target instance's subnet. Add a rule at the top of the inbound rule set to deny all traffic
from 0.0.0.0/0. Add a rule at the top of the outbound rule set to deny all traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
D. Create an AWS Systems Manager document that adds a host-level firewall rule to block all inbound traffic and outbound traffic. Run the
document on the target instance.

Correct Answer: B




Question #47

A startup company is using a single AWS account that has resources in a single AWS Region. A security engineer configures an AWS CloudTrail
trail in the same Region to deliver log files to an Amazon S3 bucket by using the AWS CLI.
Because of expansion, the company adds resources in multiple Regions. The security engineer notices that the logs from the new Regions are not
reaching the S3 bucket.
What should the security engineer do to fix this issue with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

A. Create a new CloudTrail trail. Select the new Regions where the company added resources.
B. Change the S3 bucket to receive notifications to track all actions from all Regions.
C. Create a new CloudTrail trail that applies to all Regions.
D. Change the existing CloudTrail trail so that it applies to all Regions.

Correct Answer: B




Question #48

A company's public Application Load Balancer (ALB) recently experienced a DDoS attack. To mitigate this issue, the company deployed Amazon
CloudFront in front of the ALB so that users would not directly access the Amazon EC2 instances behind the ALB.
The company discovers that some traffic is still coming directly into the ALB and is still being handled by the EC2 instances.
Which combination of steps should the company take to ensure that the EC2 instances will receive traffic only from CloudFront? (Choose two.)

A. Configure CloudFront to add a cache key policy to allow a custom HTTP header that CloudFront sends to the ALB.
B. Configure CloudFront to add a custom HTTP header to requests that CloudFront sends to the ALB.
C. Configure the ALB to forward only requests that contain the custom HTTP header.
D. Configure the ALB and CloudFront to use the X-Forwarded-For header to check client IP addresses.
E. Configure the ALB and CloudFront to use the same X.509 certificate that is generated by AWS Certificate Manager (ACM).

Correct Answer: BC



Question #49

A company discovers a billing anomaly in its AWS account. A security consultant investigates the anomaly and discovers that an employee who
left the company 30 days ago still has access to the account. The company has not monitored account activity in the past.
The security consultant needs to determine which resources have been deployed or reconfigured by the employee as quickly as possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. In AWS Cost Explorer, filter chart data to display results from the past 30 days. Export the results to a data table. Group the data table by
resource.
B. Use AWS Cost Anomaly Detection to create a cost monitor. Access the detection history. Set the time frame to Last 30 days. In the search
area, choose the service category.
C. In AWS CloudTrail, filter the event history to display results from the past 30 days. Create an Amazon Athena table that contains the data.
Partition the table by event source.
D. Use AWS Audit Manager to create an assessment for the past 30 days. Apply a usage-based framework to the assessment. Configure the
assessment to assess by resource.

Correct Answer: B


Question #50

A security engineer is checking an AWS CloudFormation template for vulnerabilities. The security engineer finds a parameter that has a default
value that exposes an application's API key in plaintext. The parameter is referenced several times throughout the template. The security engineer
must replace the parameter while maintaining the ability to reference the value in the template.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST secure way?

A. Store the API key value as a SecureString parameter in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. In the template, replace all references to
the value with {{resolve:ssm:MySSMParameterName:1}}.
B. Store the API key value in AWS Secrets Manager. In the template, replace all references to the value with
{{resolve:secretsmanager:MySecretId:SecretString}}.
C. Store the API key value in Amazon DynamoDB. In the template, replace all references to the value with
{{resolve:dynamodb:MyTableName:MyPrimaryKey}}.
D. Store the API key value in a new Amazon S3 bucket. In the template, replace all references to the value with
{{resolve:s3:MyBucketName:MyObjectName}}.

Correct Answer: A



Question #51

A company's AWS CloudTrail logs are all centrally stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The security team controls the company's AWS account. The
security team must prevent unauthorized access and tampering of the CloudTrail logs.
Which combination of steps should the security team take? (Choose three.)

A. Configure server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS).
B. Compress log files with secure gzip.
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to notify the security team of any modifications on CloudTrail log files.
D. Implement least privilege access to the S3 bucket by configuring a bucket policy.
E. Configure CloudTrail log file integrity validation.
F. Configure Access Analyzer for S3.

Correct Answer: ADE


Question #52

A company has several petabytes of data. The company must preserve this data for 7 years to comply with regulatory requirements. The
company's compliance team asks a security officer to develop a strategy that will prevent anyone from changing or deleting the data.
Which solution will meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure the bucket to use S3 Object Lock in compliance mode. Upload the data to the bucket. Create a
resource-based bucket policy that meets all the regulatory requirements.
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure the bucket to use S3 Object Lock in governance mode. Upload the data to the bucket. Create a
user-based IAM policy that meets all the regulatory requirements.
C. Create a vault in Amazon S3 Glacier. Create a Vault Lock policy in S3 Glacier that meets all the regulatory requirements. Upload the data to
the vault.
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Upload the data to the bucket. Use a lifecycle rule to transition the data to a vault in S3 Glacier. Create a Vault
Lock policy that meets all the regulatory requirements.

Correct Answer: C 



Question #53

A-company uses a third-party identity provider and SAML-based SSO for its AWS accounts. After the third-party identity provider renewed an
expired signing certificate, users saw the following message when trying to log in:
Error: Response Signature Invalid (Service: AWSSecurityTokenService; Status Code: 400; Error Code: InvalidIdentityToken)
A security engineer needs to provide a solution that corrects the error and minimizes operational overhead.
Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Upload the third-party signing certificate’s new private key to the AWS identity provider entity defined in AWS Identity and Access
Management (IAM) by using the AWS Management Console.
B. Sign the identity provider's metadata file with the new public key. Upload the signature to the AWS identity provider entity defined in AWS
Identity and Access Management (IAM) by using the AWS CLI.
C. Download the updated SAML metadata file from the identity service provider. Update the file in the AWS identity provider entity defined in
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) by using the AWS CLI.
D. Configure the AWS identity provider entity defined in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to synchronously fetch the new public key
by using the AWS Management Console.

Correct Answer: C



Question #54

A company has several workloads running on AWS. Employees are required to authenticate using on-premises ADFS and SSO to access the AWS
Management Console. Developers migrated an existing legacy web application to an Amazon EC2 instance. Employees need to access this
application from anywhere on the internet, but currently, there is no authentication system built into the application.
How should the security engineer implement employee-only access to this system without changing the application?

A. Place the application behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Use Amazon Cognito as authentication for the ALB. Define a SAML-based
Amazon Cognito user pool and connect it to ADFS.
B. Implement AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) in the management account and link it to ADFS as an identity provider. Define the
EC2 instance as a managed resource, then apply an IAM policy on the resource.
C. Define an Amazon Cognito identity pool, then install the connector on the Active Directory server. Use the Amazon Cognito SDK on the
application instance to authenticate the employees using their Active Directory user names and passwords.
D. Create an AWS Lambda custom authorizer as the authenticator for a reverse proxy on Amazon EC2. Ensure the security group on Amazon
EC2 only allows access from the Lambda function.

Correct Answer: A



Question #55

A company is using AWS to run a long-running analysis process on data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets. The process runs on a fleet of
Amazon EC2 instances that are in an Auto Scaling group. The EC2 instances are deployed in a private subnet of a VPC that does not have internet
access. The EC2 instances and the S3 buckets are in the same AWS account.
The EC2 instances access the S3 buckets through an S3 gateway endpoint that has the default access policy. Each EC2 instance is associated
with an instance profile role that has a policy that explicitly allows the s3:GetObject action and the s3:PutObject action for only the required S3
buckets.
The company learns that one or more of the EC2 instances are compromised and are exfiltrating data to an S3 bucket that is outside the
company's organization in AWS Organizations. A security engineer must implement a solution to stop this exfiltration of data and to keep the EC2
processing job functional.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Update the policy on the S3 gateway endpoint to allow the S3 actions only if the values of the aws:ResourceOrgID and aws:PrincipalOrgID
condition keys match the company's values.
B. Update the policy on the instance profile role to allow the S3 actions only if the value of the aws:ResourceOrgID condition key matches the
company's value.
C. Add a network ACL rule to the subnet of the EC2 instances to block outgoing connections on port 443.
D. Apply an SCP on the AWS account to allow the S3 actions only if the values of the aws:ResourceOrgID and aws:PrincipalOrgID condition
keys match the company's values.

Correct Answer: D



Question #56

A company that operates in a hybrid cloud environment must meet strict compliance requirements. The company wants to create a report that
includes evidence from on-premises workloads alongside evidence from AWS resources. A security engineer must implement a solution to collect,
review, and manage the evidence to demonstrate compliance with company policy.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an assessment in AWS Audit Manager from a prebuilt framework or a custom framework. Upload manual evidence from the onpremises workloads. Add the evidence to the assessment. Generate an assessment report after Audit Manager collects the necessary
evidence from the AWS resources.
B. Install the Amazon CloudWatch agent on the on-premises workloads. Use AWS Config to deploy a conformance pack from a sample
conformance pack template or a custom YAML template. Generate an assessment report after AWS Config identifies noncompliant workloads
and resources.
C. Set up the appropriate security standard in AWS Security Hub. Upload manual evidence from the on-premises workloads. Wait for Security
Hub to collect the evidence from the AWS resources. Download the list of controls as a .csv file.
D. Install the Amazon CloudWatch agent on the on-premises workloads. Create a CloudWatch dashboard to monitor the on-premises
workloads and the AWS resources. Run a query on the workloads and resources. Download the results.

Correct Answer: A




Question #58

A company has a web server in the AWS Cloud. The company will store the content for the web server in an Amazon S3 bucket. A security
engineer must use an Amazon CloudFront distribution to speed up delivery of the content. None of the files can be publicly accessible from the S3
bucket directly.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure the permissions on the individual files in the S3 bucket so that only the CloudFront distribution has access to them.
B. Create an origin access control (OAC). Associate the OAC with the CloudFront distribution. Configure the S3 bucket permissions so that
only the OAC can access the files in the S3 bucket.
C. Create an S3 role in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). Allow only the CloudFront distribution to assume the role to access the
files in the S3 bucket.
D. Create an S3 bucket policy that uses only the CloudFront distribution ID as the principal and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) as the
target.

Correct Answer: B



Question #59

A security engineer logs in to the AWS Lambda console with administrator permissions. The security engineer is trying to view logs in Amazon
CloudWatch for a Lambda function that is named myFunction. When the security engineer chooses the option in the Lambda console to view logs
in CloudWatch, an "error loading Log Streams" message appears.
The IAM policy for the Lambda function's execution role contains the following:

How should the security engineer correct the error?

A. Move the logs:CreateLogGroup action to the second Allow statement.
B. Add the logs:PutDestination action to the second Allow statement.
C. Add the logs:GetLogEvents action to the second Allow statement.
D. Add the logs:CreateLogStream action to the second Allow statement.

Correct Answer: D



Question #60

A company has a new partnership with a vendor. The vendor will process data from the company's customers. The company will upload data files
as objects into an Amazon S3 bucket. The vendor will download the objects to perform data processing. The objects will contain sensitive data.
A security engineer must implement a solution that prevents objects from residing in the S3 bucket for longer than 72 hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon Macie to scan the S3 bucket for sensitive data every 72 hours. Configure Macie to delete the objects that contain sensitive
data when they are discovered.
B. Configure an S3 Lifecycle rule on the S3 bucket to expire objects that have been in the S3 bucket for 72 hours.
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled rule that invokes an AWS Lambda function every day. Program the Lambda function to remove
any objects that have been in the S3 bucket for 72 hours.
D. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class for all objects that are uploaded to the S3 bucket. Use S3 Intelligent-Tiering to expire objects
that have been in the $3 bucket for 72 hours.

Correct Answer: B



Question #61

A company accidentally deleted the private key for an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)-backed Amazon EC2 instance. A security
engineer needs to regain access to the instance.
Which combination of steps will meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

A. Stop the instance. Detach the root volume. Generate a new key pair.
B. Keep the instance running. Detach the root volume. Generate a new key pair.
C. When the volume is detached from the original instance, attach the volume to another instance as a data volume. Modify the
authorized_keys file with a new public key. Move the volume back to the original instance. Start the instance.
D. When the volume is detached from the original instance, attach the volume to another instance as a data volume. Modify the
authorized_keys file with a new private key. Move the volume back to the original instance. Start the instance.
E. When the volume is detached from the original instance, attach the volume to another instance as a data volume. Modify the
authorized_keys file with a new public key. Move the volume back to the original instance that is running.

Correct Answer: AC



Question #62

A company purchased a subscription to a third-party cloud security scanning solution that integrates with AWS Security Hub. A security engineer
needs to implement a solution that will remediate the findings from the third-party scanning solution automatically.
Which solution will meet this requirement?

A. Set up an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts to new Security Hub findings. Configure an AWS Lambda function as the target for the rule
to remediate the findings.
B. Set up a custom action in Security Hub. Configure the custom action to call AWS Systems Manager Automation runbooks to remediate the
findings.
C. Set up a custom action in Security Hub. Configure an AWS Lambda function as the target for the custom action to remediate the findings.
D. Set up AWS Config rules to use AWS Systems Manager Automation runbooks to remediate the findings.

Correct Answer: A


Question #63

An application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance that has an IAM role attached. The IAM role provides access to an AWS Key Management
Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key and an Amazon S3 bucket. The key is used to access 2 TB of sensitive data that is stored in the S3
bucket.
A security engineer discovers a potential vulnerability on the EC2 instance that could result in the compromise of the sensitive data. Due to other
critical operations, the security engineer cannot immediately shut down the EC2 instance for vulnerability patching.
What is the FASTEST way to prevent the sensitive data from being exposed?

A. Download the data from the existing S3 bucket to a new EC2 instance. Then delete the data from the S3 bucket. Re-encrypt the data with a
client-based key. Upload the data to a new S3 bucket.
B. Block access to the public range of S3 endpoint IP addresses by using a host-based firewall. Ensure that internet-bound traffic from the
affected EC2 instance is routed through the host-based firewall.
C. Revoke the IAM role's active session permissions. Update the S3 bucket policy to deny access to the IAM role. Remove the IAM role from
the EC2 instance profile.
D. Disable the current key. Create a new KMS key that the IAM role does not have access to, and re-encrypt all the data with the new key.
Schedule the compromised key for deletion.

Correct Answer: C



Question #64

A company is building an application on AWS that will store sensitive information. The company has a support team with access to the IT
infrastructure, including databases. The company’s security engineer must introduce measures to protect the sensitive data against any data
breach while minimizing management overhead. The credentials must be regularly rotated.
What should the security engineer recommend?

A. Enable Amazon RDS encryption to encrypt the database and snapshots. Enable Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) encryption on
Amazon EC2 instances. Include the database credential in the EC2 user data field. Use an AWS Lambda function to rotate database
credentials. Set up TLS for the connection to the database.
B. Install a database on an Amazon EC2 instance. Enable third-party disk encryption to encrypt the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
volume. Store the database credentials in AWS CloudHSM with automatic rotation. Set up TLS for the connection to the database.
C. Enable Amazon RDS encryption to encrypt the database and snapshots. Enable Amazon Elastic Black Store (Amazon EBS) encryption on
Amazon EC2 instances. Store the database credentials in AWS Secrets Manager with automatic rotation. Set up TLS for the connection to the
RDS hosted database.
D. Set up an AWS CloudHSM cluster with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to store KMS keys. Set up Amazon RDS encryption using
AWS KMS to encrypt the database. Store database credentials in the AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store with automatic rotation. Set up
TLS for the connection to the RDS hosted database.

Correct Answer: C



Question #65

A company is using Amazon Route 53 Resolver for its hybrid DNS infrastructure. The company has set up Route 53 Resolver forwarding rules for
authoritative domains that are hosted on on-premises DNS servers.

A new security mandate requires the company to implement a solution to log and query DNS traffic that goes to the on-premises DNS servers. The
logs must show details of the source IP address of the instance from which the query originated. The logs also must show the DNS name that
was requested in Route 53 Resolver.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use VPC Traffic Mirroring. Configure all relevant elastic network interfaces as the traffic source, include amazon-dns in the mirror filter, and
set Amazon CloudWatch Logs as the mirror target. Use CloudWatch Insights on the mirror session logs to run queries on the source IP
address and DNS name.
B. Configure VPC flow logs on all relevant VPCs. Send the logs to an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon Athena to run SQL queries on the source
IP address and DNS name.
C. Configure Route 53 Resolver query logging on all relevant VPCs. Send the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Use CloudWatch Insights to
run queries on the source IP address and DNS name.
D. Modify the Route 53 Resolver rules on the authoritative domains that forward to the on-premises DNS servers. Send the logs to an Amazon
S3 bucket. Use Amazon Athena to run SQL queries on the source IP address and DNS name.

Correct Answer: C



Question #66

A security engineer is configuring account-based access control (ABAC) to allow only specific principals to put objects into an Amazon S3 bucket.
The principals already have access to Amazon S3.

The security engineer needs to configure a bucket policy that allows principals to put objects into the S3 bucket only if the value of the Team tag
on the object matches the value of the Team tag that is associated with the principal. During testing, the security engineer notices that a principal
can still put objects into the S3 bucket when the tag values do not match.

Which combination of factors are causing the PutObject operation to succeed when the tag values are different? (Choose two.)

A. The principal's identity-based policy grants access to put objects into the S3 bucket with no conditions.
B. The principal's identity-based policy overrides the condition because the identity-based policy contains an explicit allow.
C. The S3 bucket's resource policy does not deny access to put objects.
D. The S3 bucket's resource policy cannot allow actions to the principal.
E. The bucket policy does not apply to principals in the same zone of trust.

Correct Answer: AC


