Question #44

A company uses Amazon RDS for MySQL as a database engine for its applications. A recent security audit revealed an RDS instance that is not
compliant with company policy for encrypting data at rest. A security engineer at the company needs to ensure that all existing RDS databases are
encrypted using server-side encryption and that any future deviations from the policy are detected.
Which combination of steps should the security engineer take to accomplish this? (Choose two.)

A. Create an AWS Config rule to detect the creation of unencrypted RDS databases. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to trigger on the AWS
Config rules compliance state change and use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to notify the security operations team.
B. Use AWS System Manager State Manager to detect RDS database encryption configuration drift. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to
track state changes and use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to notify the security operations team.
C. Create a read replica for the existing unencrypted RDS database and enable replica encryption in the process. Once the replica becomes
active, promote it into a standalone database instance and terminate the unencrypted database instance.
D. Take a snapshot of the unencrypted RDS database. Copy the snapshot and enable snapshot encryption in the process. Restore the
database instance from the newly created encrypted snapshot. Terminate the unencrypted database instance.
E. Enable encryption for the identified unencrypted RDS instance by changing the configurations of the existing database.
---
Correct Answer: AD
---


Question #45

A company has recently recovered from a security incident that required the restoration of Amazon EC2 instances from snapshots. The company
uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt all Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots.
The company performs a gap analysis of its disaster recovery procedures and backup strategies. A security engineer needs to implement a
solution so that the company can recover the EC2 instances if the AWS account is compromised and the EBS snapshots are deleted.
Which solution will meet this requirement?

A. Create a new Amazon S3 bucket. Use EBS lifecycle policies to move EBS snapshots to the new S3 bucket. Use lifecycle policies to move
snapshots to the S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval storage class. Use S3 Object Lock to prevent deletion of the snapshots.
B. Use AWS Systems Manager to distribute a configuration that backs up all attached disks to Amazon S3.
C. Create a new AWS account that has limited privileges. Allow the new account to access the KMS key that encrypts the EBS snapshots.
Copy the encrypted snapshots to the new account on a recurring basis.
D. Use AWS Backup to copy EBS snapshots to Amazon S3. Use S3 Object Lock to prevent deletion of the snapshots.
---
Correct Answer: C
---


Question #46

A company's security engineer is designing an isolation procedure for Amazon EC2 instances as part of an incident response plan. The security
engineer needs to isolate a target instance to block any traffic to and from the target instance, except for traffic from the company's forensics
team. Each of the company's EC2 instances has its own dedicated security group. The EC2 instances are deployed in subnets of a VPC. A subnet
can contain multiple instances.
The security engineer is testing the procedure for EC2 isolation and opens an SSH session to the target instance. The procedure starts to simulate
access to the target instance by an attacker. The security engineer removes the existing security group rules and adds security group rules to give
the forensics team access to the target instance on port 22.
After these changes, the security engineer notices that the SSH connection is still active and usable. When the security engineer runs a ping
command to the public IP address of the target instance, the ping command is blocked.
What should the security engineer do to isolate the target instance?

A. Add an inbound rule to the security group to allow traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 for all ports. Add an outbound rule to the security group to allow
traffic to 0.0.0.0/0 for all ports. Then immediately delete these rules.
B. Remove the port 22 security group rule. Attach an instance role policy that allows AWS Systems Manager Session Manager connections so
that the forensics team can access the target instance.
C. Create a network ACL that is associated with the target instance's subnet. Add a rule at the top of the inbound rule set to deny all traffic
from 0.0.0.0/0. Add a rule at the top of the outbound rule set to deny all traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
D. Create an AWS Systems Manager document that adds a host-level firewall rule to block all inbound traffic and outbound traffic. Run the
document on the target instance.
---
Correct Answer: B
---



Question #47

A startup company is using a single AWS account that has resources in a single AWS Region. A security engineer configures an AWS CloudTrail
trail in the same Region to deliver log files to an Amazon S3 bucket by using the AWS CLI.
Because of expansion, the company adds resources in multiple Regions. The security engineer notices that the logs from the new Regions are not
reaching the S3 bucket.
What should the security engineer do to fix this issue with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

A. Create a new CloudTrail trail. Select the new Regions where the company added resources.
B. Change the S3 bucket to receive notifications to track all actions from all Regions.
C. Create a new CloudTrail trail that applies to all Regions.
D. Change the existing CloudTrail trail so that it applies to all Regions.
---
Correct Answer: B
---



Question #48

A company's public Application Load Balancer (ALB) recently experienced a DDoS attack. To mitigate this issue, the company deployed Amazon
CloudFront in front of the ALB so that users would not directly access the Amazon EC2 instances behind the ALB.
The company discovers that some traffic is still coming directly into the ALB and is still being handled by the EC2 instances.
Which combination of steps should the company take to ensure that the EC2 instances will receive traffic only from CloudFront? (Choose two.)

A. Configure CloudFront to add a cache key policy to allow a custom HTTP header that CloudFront sends to the ALB.
B. Configure CloudFront to add a custom HTTP header to requests that CloudFront sends to the ALB.
C. Configure the ALB to forward only requests that contain the custom HTTP header.
D. Configure the ALB and CloudFront to use the X-Forwarded-For header to check client IP addresses.
E. Configure the ALB and CloudFront to use the same X.509 certificate that is generated by AWS Certificate Manager (ACM).
---
Correct Answer: BC
---


Question #49

A company discovers a billing anomaly in its AWS account. A security consultant investigates the anomaly and discovers that an employee who
left the company 30 days ago still has access to the account. The company has not monitored account activity in the past.
The security consultant needs to determine which resources have been deployed or reconfigured by the employee as quickly as possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. In AWS Cost Explorer, filter chart data to display results from the past 30 days. Export the results to a data table. Group the data table by
resource.
B. Use AWS Cost Anomaly Detection to create a cost monitor. Access the detection history. Set the time frame to Last 30 days. In the search
area, choose the service category.
C. In AWS CloudTrail, filter the event history to display results from the past 30 days. Create an Amazon Athena table that contains the data.
Partition the table by event source.
D. Use AWS Audit Manager to create an assessment for the past 30 days. Apply a usage-based framework to the assessment. Configure the
assessment to assess by resource.
---
Correct Answer: B
---

Question #50

A security engineer is checking an AWS CloudFormation template for vulnerabilities. The security engineer finds a parameter that has a default
value that exposes an application's API key in plaintext. The parameter is referenced several times throughout the template. The security engineer
must replace the parameter while maintaining the ability to reference the value in the template.
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST secure way?

A. Store the API key value as a SecureString parameter in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. In the template, replace all references to
the value with {{resolve:ssm:MySSMParameterName:1}}.
B. Store the API key value in AWS Secrets Manager. In the template, replace all references to the value with
{{resolve:secretsmanager:MySecretId:SecretString}}.
C. Store the API key value in Amazon DynamoDB. In the template, replace all references to the value with
{{resolve:dynamodb:MyTableName:MyPrimaryKey}}.
D. Store the API key value in a new Amazon S3 bucket. In the template, replace all references to the value with
{{resolve:s3:MyBucketName:MyObjectName}}.
---
Correct Answer: A
---


Question #51

A company's AWS CloudTrail logs are all centrally stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The security team controls the company's AWS account. The
security team must prevent unauthorized access and tampering of the CloudTrail logs.
Which combination of steps should the security team take? (Choose three.)

A. Configure server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS).
B. Compress log files with secure gzip.
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to notify the security team of any modifications on CloudTrail log files.
D. Implement least privilege access to the S3 bucket by configuring a bucket policy.
E. Configure CloudTrail log file integrity validation.
F. Configure Access Analyzer for S3.
---
Correct Answer: ADE
---

Question #52

A company has several petabytes of data. The company must preserve this data for 7 years to comply with regulatory requirements. The
company's compliance team asks a security officer to develop a strategy that will prevent anyone from changing or deleting the data.
Which solution will meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure the bucket to use S3 Object Lock in compliance mode. Upload the data to the bucket. Create a
resource-based bucket policy that meets all the regulatory requirements.
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure the bucket to use S3 Object Lock in governance mode. Upload the data to the bucket. Create a
user-based IAM policy that meets all the regulatory requirements.
C. Create a vault in Amazon S3 Glacier. Create a Vault Lock policy in S3 Glacier that meets all the regulatory requirements. Upload the data to
the vault.
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Upload the data to the bucket. Use a lifecycle rule to transition the data to a vault in S3 Glacier. Create a Vault
Lock policy that meets all the regulatory requirements.
---
Correct Answer: C 
---


Question #53

A-company uses a third-party identity provider and SAML-based SSO for its AWS accounts. After the third-party identity provider renewed an
expired signing certificate, users saw the following message when trying to log in:
Error: Response Signature Invalid (Service: AWSSecurityTokenService; Status Code: 400; Error Code: InvalidIdentityToken)
A security engineer needs to provide a solution that corrects the error and minimizes operational overhead.
Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Upload the third-party signing certificate’s new private key to the AWS identity provider entity defined in AWS Identity and Access
Management (IAM) by using the AWS Management Console.
B. Sign the identity provider's metadata file with the new public key. Upload the signature to the AWS identity provider entity defined in AWS
Identity and Access Management (IAM) by using the AWS CLI.
C. Download the updated SAML metadata file from the identity service provider. Update the file in the AWS identity provider entity defined in
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) by using the AWS CLI.
D. Configure the AWS identity provider entity defined in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to synchronously fetch the new public key
by using the AWS Management Console.
---
Correct Answer: C
---


Question #54

A company has several workloads running on AWS. Employees are required to authenticate using on-premises ADFS and SSO to access the AWS
Management Console. Developers migrated an existing legacy web application to an Amazon EC2 instance. Employees need to access this
application from anywhere on the internet, but currently, there is no authentication system built into the application.
How should the security engineer implement employee-only access to this system without changing the application?

A. Place the application behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Use Amazon Cognito as authentication for the ALB. Define a SAML-based
Amazon Cognito user pool and connect it to ADFS.
B. Implement AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) in the management account and link it to ADFS as an identity provider. Define the
EC2 instance as a managed resource, then apply an IAM policy on the resource.
C. Define an Amazon Cognito identity pool, then install the connector on the Active Directory server. Use the Amazon Cognito SDK on the
application instance to authenticate the employees using their Active Directory user names and passwords.
D. Create an AWS Lambda custom authorizer as the authenticator for a reverse proxy on Amazon EC2. Ensure the security group on Amazon
EC2 only allows access from the Lambda function.
---
Correct Answer: A
---


Question #55

A company is using AWS to run a long-running analysis process on data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets. The process runs on a fleet of
Amazon EC2 instances that are in an Auto Scaling group. The EC2 instances are deployed in a private subnet of a VPC that does not have internet
access. The EC2 instances and the S3 buckets are in the same AWS account.
The EC2 instances access the S3 buckets through an S3 gateway endpoint that has the default access policy. Each EC2 instance is associated
with an instance profile role that has a policy that explicitly allows the s3:GetObject action and the s3:PutObject action for only the required S3
buckets.
The company learns that one or more of the EC2 instances are compromised and are exfiltrating data to an S3 bucket that is outside the
company's organization in AWS Organizations. A security engineer must implement a solution to stop this exfiltration of data and to keep the EC2
processing job functional.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Update the policy on the S3 gateway endpoint to allow the S3 actions only if the values of the aws:ResourceOrgID and aws:PrincipalOrgID
condition keys match the company's values.
B. Update the policy on the instance profile role to allow the S3 actions only if the value of the aws:ResourceOrgID condition key matches the
company's value.
C. Add a network ACL rule to the subnet of the EC2 instances to block outgoing connections on port 443.
D. Apply an SCP on the AWS account to allow the S3 actions only if the values of the aws:ResourceOrgID and aws:PrincipalOrgID condition
keys match the company's values.

Correct Answer: D



